[docs] Add copy options docs (#12727)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/api/ysql/the-sql-language/statements/cmd_copy.md

```

> ### Performance tips when importing a large table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Performance tips for large tables
```

- If the table does not exist, errors are raised.
- `COPY TO` can only be used with regular tables.
- `COPY FROM` can be used with tables, foreign tables, and views.

Additionally, the following copy options may be useful for speeding up copying, or allowing for faster recovery from a partial state:
* `DISABLE_FK_CHECK` will skip foreign key check when copying new rows to the table.
* `REPLACE`: if the primary / unique key of the new row conflicts with that of the existing row, the new row will replace the existing row in the table.

> * `SKIP n`: skips the first `n` rows of the file. Require `n` to be nonnegative.

Reviewer 2: The format looks not consistent. Some options are followed with `:`, while some are not. We should follow the same pattern.

> * `SKIP n`: skips the first `n` rows of the file. Require `n` to be nonnegative.

Reviewer 2: I would prefer to put a subject before `Require` to be more "grammarly" clear in English. Either change it to `, and requires...` or `n is required to...`. But the specific English wording is up to you as I am not a native speaker either.

Also, should we put more detailed behaviors for `SKIP` here? An example is that it aborts the copy operation when a skipped row in the file is il-formated.

Author: https://phabricator.dev.yugabyte.com/D17311 will fix this behavior (e.g. allowing for skipping invalid rows).

> Additionally, the following copy options may be useful for speeding up copying, or allowing for faster recovery from a partial state:
> * `DISABLE_FK_CHECK` will skip foreign key check when copying new rows to the table.
> * `REPLACE`: if the primary / unique key of the new row conflicts with that of the existing row, the new row will replace the existing row in the table.
> * `SKIP n`: skips the first `n` rows of the file. Require `n` to be nonnegative.

Reviewer: Bit of Markdown formatting, plus editing...
```suggestion
Additionally, the following copy options may help to speed up copying, or allow for faster recovery from a partial state:

* `DISABLE_FK_CHECK` skips the foreign key check when copying new rows to the table.
* `REPLACE` replaces the existing row in the table if the new row's primary/unique key conflicts with that of the existing row.
* `SKIP n` skips the first `n` rows of the file. `n` must be a positive integer.
```

- `COPY TO` can only be used with regular tables.
- `COPY FROM` can be used with tables, foreign tables, and views.

> Additionally, the following copy options may help to speed up copying, or allow for faster recovery from a partial state:

Reviewer: Lists should be surrounded by spaces, per the markdown linter we're using (markdownlint). :)
```suggestion
Additionally, the following copy options may help to speed up copying, or allow for faster recovery from a partial state:

```
